Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For this assignment, I consulted with Silas and Rachel. I also attended TA hours on Monday, September 26th, during the 7-9pm session. My initial impression of Java is that it is a very complex program that requires you to be very specific about your intentions with a line of code. Since I am transitioning from using only python to now using Java, a new language for me, seeing this assingmnet for the first time was extremely intimidating and confusing. Since I haven't been exposed to the things Java can do, I wasn't sure what to even start with. Furthermore, I wasn't sure of what methods Java could do and it was intimidating to try to assume which skills I had learned from python were even transferable to java. Overall, this assignment was pretty complicated and assumes one has enough experience with the program to complete it. However, I was able to get a feel of Java from the assignment and eventually got used to some of the conventions. A big difference between the two languages that favors users using Java is that there are a lot of code hints before we even compile so it cuts back on some time that would be used up if on python. A similarity between the two would be the naming conventions and the structuring (although Java uses ";" and "{}", the structuring still feels very similar to me). Overall, the chatbot is able to interact with the user for the specified amount of rounds so that was pretty successful. It also checks through an array for keywords that I listed which will then be sent to the mirroring function that I create so that it replaces those words with their corresponding mirror words. However, I was not able to capture all possibilities a user could use with spelling and capitalization so at times, the mirroring function will work inconsistently. For the future, this is definitely a good challenge to try to work through. 